this lecture is about the web indexing
in this lecture we will continue talking
about the web search and we're going to
talk about the how to create a web scale
index so once we crawl the web we've got
a lot of web pages the next step is to
use the indexer to create the inverted
index in general we can use the standard
information retrieval techniques for
creating the index and that is what we
talked about in a previous lecture but
there are new challenges that we have to
solve for web scale indexing and the two
main candidates are scalability and
efficiency the thing tax would be so
large that it cannot attack to the feet
in into any single machine or single
disk so we have to store the data on
multiple machines also because the data
is so large it's beneficial to process
that they are in parallel so that we can
produce index quickly and to address
these challenges gogo has made a number
of innovations one is a Google file
system that's a general distributor file
system that can help program is managing
files stored on a classical machines the
second is MapReduce this is a general
software framework for supporting
parallel computation Patoka is the most
well known open source implementation of
MapReduce now used in many applications
so this is the architecture of the
Google file system it uses a very simple
centralized management mechanism to
manage all the specific allocations of
files so it maintains the file name
space and look up a table to know where
exactly each file install the
application client that would then talk
to this TF semester and then obtain
specific locations of the files that
process and once the gfs fire client
obtained the that specific information
about the files then the application
client can talk to the specific service
where the data actually sit directly so
that you can avoid involving other nodes
in the network so when this file system
suppose the files on machines the the
system also would create a fixed sizes
of chunks so the data files are
separately into many chunks which each
chunk is 64 megabytes so it's pretty big
and that's a property for large data
processing these chunks are replicated
to ensure reliability so this is
something that the programmer doesn't
have to worry about and it's all taken
care of by this file system so from the
application perspective the programmer
would seen this as if it's a normal file
the program doesn't have to know away
exactly it's installed and can just
invoke high-level operators to process
the file and another feature is that the
data transfers director between
application and chunk service so it's
it's efficient in this sense on top of
the Google file system and also proposed
MapReduce as a general framework for
parallel programming now this is very
useful to support a task like a building
inverted index so the this framework is
hiding a lot of low-level features from
the program as a result that the
programmer can make minimum effort to
create a application that can be run on
a large cluster in parallel so some of
the low-level details hidden in the
framework
including that specific network
communications or load balancing or
where the tasks are executed all these
details are hitting from the programmer
there is also a nice feature which is
the built-in fault tolerance if one
server is broken it's a service down and
then some tasks may not be finished then
the MapReduce mechanism would know that
the Tasker has not been done so it will
automatically dispatch the task on other
servers that can do the job and
therefore again the program doesn't have
to worry about that so here's a Howell
Map Reduce what's the input data would
be separated into a number of key value
pairs now what exactly is in the value
would depend on the data and after a
fairly general framework to allow you to
just partition the data into different
parts and each part can be then
processed in parallel
each key value pair would be and send it
to a map function the programmer was
right map function of course and then
the map function would process this key
value pair and would generate a number
of other key value pairs of course the
new key is usually different from the
old key that's given to the map as input
and these key value pairs are the output
of the map function and all the outputs
of all the map functions will be then
collected and then there will be further
thoughts too based on the key and the
result is that all the values that are
associated with the same key would be
then grouped together so now we've got a
pair of a key and a set of values that
are attached to this P so this would
then be sent to a reduce function now of
course each reduce function will handle
different
a different key so we will send this
these output values to multiple reduce
functions each handling a unique key a
reduced function with them process the
input which is a key and a set of values
to produce another set of key values as
the output so these output values will
be then collected together to form the
the final output right so this is the
general framework of MapReduce now the
programmer only needs to write the map
function and the reduced function
everything else is actually taken care
by the MapReduce framework so you can
see the program really only needs to do
minimum work and with such a framework
the input data can be partitioned into
multiple parts it is processed in
parallel first by map and then in the
process after we reach the reduced stage
then multiple reduced functions can also
further process
the different keys and their associated
values in parallel so it gives some it
achieves the purpose of parallel
processing of a large data set so let's
take a look at a simple example and
that's were counting the input is is
files containing words and the output
that we want to generate is the number
of occurrences of each word so it's the
word count we we know this this kind of
counting would be useful to exam will
assess the popularity of a word in a
large collection and this is useful for
achieving an effect of IEF weighting or
search so how can we solve this problem
well one natural thought is that well
this kind of this task can be done in
parallel by simply counting different
of the fire Imperial and then in the end
we just combine all the counts and
that's precisely the idea of what we can
do with MapReduce we can paralyze on
lines in this input file so more
specifically we can assume the input to
each map function is key value pair that
we plants the line number and the string
on that line so the first line for
example has P of 1 and the value is a
little world by wall and just the for
world on that line so this p value pair
will be extended to a map function the
map function would then just count the
words in this line and in this case of
course there are only four words each
world gets a count of 1 and these are
the output that you see here on this
slide from this map function so the map
function is really very simple with a
look at what the pseudocode looks like
on the right side you see it simply
needs to iterate over all the words in
this line and then just the color
collect function which means it would
then send the word and the counter to
the collector the crack then try to sort
all these key value pairs from different
map functions and so the function is
very simple and the programmer specifies
is this function as a way to process
each part of the data of course the
second line will be handled by a
different map function which will
produce a similar output ok now the
output from the map functions will be
then and send it to a collector and the
crafter would do the internal grouping
or sorry so at this stage you can see we
have crafted multiple pairs each pair is
a war and it's count in a line so once
we see all these dispersed then we can
suck them based on the key which is the
world so we will collect all the counts
of a world like a pie here together and
similarly we do that for other words
like I do hello etc so each world now is
attached to a number of values a number
of accounts and these comes represent
the occurrences of this world in
different lines so now we have got a new
pair of a key and a set of values and
this pair will then be fed into a
reduced function so the reduced function
now would have to finish the job of
counting the total occurrences of this
work now it has already got all these
partial counts
so all it needs to do is similar to add
them up so the reduced function here is
very simple as well you have a counter
and then iterate over all the words that
you see in this array and then you just
accumulated accounts right and then
finally you output the P and the total
count and that's precisely what we want
as is the output of this whole program
so you can see this is already very
similar to building our inverted index
and if you think about it and the output
here is in that survival world and we
have already got the dictionary
basically we have got the count but
what's missing is the talking martinis
and the specific frequency counts of
words in those documents so with a
modify this slightly to have to build
inverted index in parallel so here's one
way to do that so in this case we have
seen the input to map function is a pair
of a key which denotes the document ID
and the value denoting the stream for
that document so it's all the words in
that document and so the map function
will do something very similar to what
we have seen in the world camping
example it simply groups all the counts
of this world in this document
together and we would then generate a
set of key value pairs each EP is a
world and the value is the count of this
world in this document
plus the document ID now you can either
see why we need to add document ID here
of course later in the inverted index we
would like to keep this information so
the map function should keep track of it
and this cannot be send to the reduce
function later now similarly another
lock community too can be processed in
the same way so in the end again there
was a sorting mechanism that would group
them together and then we will have just
a key nilacala associated with all the
documents that match this key all the
documents where Java occurred and they
account
I saw the counts of Java in those
documents and this will be crafted
together and this will be so fed into
the reduced function so now you can see
the reduced function has already gotten
folded that looks like a inverted index
entry right so it's just a word and all
the documents that contain the word and
the frequencies of the world in those
documents so all needs to do is simply
to concatenate them into as into a
continuous chunk of data and this can be
done written into a file system so
basically the reduced function is going
to do very minimum work so this is
pseudocode for inverted index
construction here we see two functions
procedure map and procedure with use and
a program with the specified these two
functions to program on top of MapReduce
and you can see basically they are doing
what I just described in the case of map
it's going to count the
occurrences of water using the
associative array and were outputted all
the counts together with the docking the
ID yeah right so this is the reduced
function on the other hand simply
concatenate all the input that it has
been given and then put them together as
one single entry for this key so this is
a very simple Map Reduce function yet it
would allow us to construct the inverted
index at very large scale and the data
can be processed by different machines
the program doesn't have to take care of
the details so this is how we can do
parallel in that construction for web
search so to summarize web-scale
indexing requires some new techniques
that go beyond the standard the
traditional indexing techniques mainly
we have to store the index on multiple
machines and this is usually done by
using a file system like a Google file
system a distributed file system and
secondly it requires creating the index
in parallel because it's so large it
takes a long time to create an index for
all the documents so if we can do it in
parallel it will be much faster and this
is done by using the MapReduce framework
note that both the GFS and MapReduce
frameworks are very general so they can
also support many other applications
you